The Compass Tutorial
Part 1: Opening and using the Compass app
The Compass app is an app created by Apple that mimics the function and appearance of an actual compass. This app is helpful for navigation and locating your current position.
To open the Compass app, first locate the Compass app on your phone. It should already be installed. The Compass app’s icon looks like the face of a compass and the app has the name “Compass” below the icon.
The Compass app’s icon and name.
Now tap the icon to open the app.
Once the Compass app is open, you should see a screen that resembles the face of a compass with some data about your current location below it.
The Compass app screen.
The top half of the screen shows the cardinal directions of north, east, south, and west in a 360-degree circle. 
Zero degrees north is depicted as a red triangle pointing to “0” (zero).
The current direction your phone is facing is shown as the longest white line extending from the circle of degrees. 
The bottom half of the screen describes your geographical location. 
The current direction your phone is facing and the degree value of that direction is listed first. In the previous screenshot, the current direction is 41 degrees NE.
Underneath your phone’s current direction is the latitude and longitude coordinates of your location. The city and state you are currently located in may also be displayed underneath these coordinates if your phone is able to identify that information. In the previous screenshot, the coordinates are about 47 degrees N and 122 degrees W.
Finally, the elevation of your current location is listed. In the previous screenshot, the current elevation is 310 feet.
To change the direction your phone is facing, first place your phone flat in the palm of your hand with the screen facing up. Next, while keeping the phone flat in your palm, slowly move your arm in a half-circle. Notice how the long white line showing your phone’s current direction moves around the circle of degrees. Also notice that the direction listed at the bottom half of the screen changes to reflect where the long white line is now. Try and see if you can make the long white line complete a 360-degree rotation.
While rotating your phone, you may notice your phone producing vibrations. Your phone produces vibrations after passing every 30 degrees and a more pronounced vibration is produced after passing zero degrees. This tactile sensation is a normal function when using the Compass app.
You have reached the end of Part 1 of the Compass Tutorial.