The Calendar Tutorial
Part 2: Adding a new event
To add a new event, tap the “+” button in the top right corner. Note that the “+” button will be shown on all daily, monthly, and yearly views.
Tap the “+” button in the top right corner to add a new event.
You should now see a screen that presents multiple fields you can add information to for your event. These fields include title, location, and more. You can scroll to see all available options. To add to the fields, tap the field you want to edit. For instance, tap the “Title” field to add a title to your event. Your phone’s keyboard should pop up and you will be able to type your information in the field. In the following example, the title added is “Book Sale” and the location is “Public Library.” 
This is the screen you see when you add a new event. The title is “Book Sale” and the location is “Public Library.”
An important field to note is the “All day” toggle. Tapping this toggle on to green means the event you are adding lasts all day, such as for a book sale or a birthday. If your event does not last all day, tap the toggle off to gray. 
When the “All day” toggle is turned green, the start and end date of the event defaults to the same day. Also note that the date of the event defaults to the current date, unless you tapped a specific day on the calendar before tapping the “+” button. To change the date, tap the date to the right of the word “Starts” and select the desired date from the calendar picker. Tap the date again once you are finished to dismiss the calendar picker.
When the “All day” toggle is turned gray, you can provide the start and end time of the event in addition to the start and end date of the event. Tap the time next to the date to change it. Each part of the time (hour, minutes, and AM/PM) is a separate scrolling field. Swipe up or down on the numbers to select your event time. Tap the time again once you are finished to dismiss the time picker.
Underneath the date and time of the event is the repeat field. If the event you are adding repeats, such as for a birthday every year, you can customize the repeat field to list the event on the same day every year. You will then not have to recreate the event every time it occurs.
To customize the repeat field, tap the “Repeat” option. You will be presented several options for the frequency of the repeated event, such as “Every day,” “Every week”, and “Every year.” The repeat options are the same regardless of if your event lasts all day or only for a duration of the day. Select the repeat option that best fits with your event. You can also customize the frequency of repetition by using the “Custom” option if the provided options are not suitable. Selecting an option will return you to the event creation screen. 
Scroll further down the screen to the alert section to set an alert for the event. Alerts will send a notification to your phone before the event occurs as a reminder for you. Tap the “Alert” option and select the desired alert time from the provided options. Note that different alert options are available depending on if your event lasts all day or only for a duration of the day. For an all-day event, the options include “1 day before” and “2 days before.” Once you select your desired alert option, you will be returned to the event creation screen.
You can also add a second alert, such as if you want an alert one day before and one hour before the event. Tap the “Second Alert” option and you will be given the same provided options as described above.
If you would like to discard all your event changes without saving them, tap the “Cancel” button in the top left corner. Otherwise, once you are satisfied with your event, tap the “Add” button in the top right corner to add the event to your calendar. 
You should now be able to see your event on the calendar, either as a dot in the monthly view or the name of the event in the daily list view. In the following screenshot, a new event called “Book Sale” was added to May 4, 2022.
The new “Book Sale” event on May 4, 2022 can be seen in the daily list view.
When an event has been added to your calendar and an alert has been set for the event, the event will appear as an alert notification on your phone’s lock screen based on your specified alert times. 
You have reached the end of Part 2 of the Calendar Tutorial.